Bug 1886894 Clear sessionStorage in browsingData remove options (#41609)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/browsingdata/removelocalstorage/index.md

sidebar: addonsidebar
---

> Clears any [local storage](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) created by websites and [session storage](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/storage/session) created by extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clears any [local storage](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) created by websites and [session storage](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage) created by extensions.
```

Incorrect API link; this is what I meant to avoid confusion; we should link the sessionStorage docs.

### Parameters

- `removalOptions`

>   - : `object`. A {{WebExtAPIRef("browsingData.RemovalOptions")}} object, which may be used to clear local and session storage objects created by normal web pages or to clear objects created by hosted apps and extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `object`. A {{WebExtAPIRef("browsingData.RemovalOptions")}} object, which may be used to clear local and session storage objects created by normal web pages or to clear objects created by extensions.
```

Drop hosted apps as mentioned before. Please double check if there are any other mentions.
